GPU additional info (#4589)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/aws/gpu/index.md

Kommander also accesses [GPU](/dkp/kommander/2.1/gpu/) resources.

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: GPUs in an air-gapped on-premises environment are not currently supported.</p>

## Install GPU support on supported distributions on AWS

> Using the [Konvoy Image Builder](../../../image-builder), you can build an image that has support to use Nvidia GPU hardware to support GPU workloads. DKP supported Nvidia driver versions are 470.x and 460.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [Konvoy Image Builder](../../../image-builder), you can build an image that has support to use Nvidia GPU hardware to support GPU workloads. The DKP supported Nvidia driver versions is 470.x.
```
